add documentation section on VoiceOver aria-labelledby issue (#460)
KittyGiraudel/a11y-dialog: docs/further_reading.known_issues.md

Content with `aria-hidden` appears to be sometimes read by VoiceOver on iOS and macOS. It is unclear in which case this happens, and does not appear to be an issue directly related to the library. Refer to this [WebKit bug](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=201887#c2) for reference.

> ## aria-labeledby announcement on VoiceOver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `aria-labelledby` announcement on VoiceOver
```

> Dialog name associated via `aria-labeledby` is not read by VoiceOver in Chrome and FireFox. This peculiar behavior appears when the close button is located before the dialog name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dialog name associated via `aria-labelledby` is not read by VoiceOver in Chrome and FireFox (but is in Safari). This peculiar behavior appears when the close button is located before the dialog name.

Making sure the element associated with `aria-labelledby` comes as a first child of the dialog is a simple workaround to this minor issue.
```
